README.md, before:

# Express-Note-Taker

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)


## Description

This is an application that uses the Express.js framework to create a server-side API. This application uses GET and POST and DELETE requests to view and submit informations to the server.
This application allows the user to write notes, view those notes, and delete notes.
This application uses 'express, fs, path, and uuid modules' to handle the needed processes.


## Table of Contents 

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.
 
  1. [Installation](#installation)
  2. [Usage](#usage)
  3. [License](#license)
  4. [Contributing](#contributing)
  5. [Tests](#tests)
  6. [Questions](#questions)
  7. [Features](#features)
  8. [Credits](#credits)

## Installation


FIRST :

In order to use this project make sure to have the following programs installed on your computer:

1.VS Code

2.GitBash

3.Node.js(version.16)


SECOND:

In order to initialize the project:

Copy Link: click the `Code` button within this GitHub SSH repository to copy link

Clone: inside GitBash, use the command `git clone paste link here`

 THIRD: 

In the terminal, use the command `npm init -y` to initialize and create a `package.json file` .

Then you will have to install some dependencies by running `npm install `.

You will need to install `npm express install` 

and `npm i uuid`.


Finally,You will want to run `node server.js` to start the app.



## Usage

Screenshots  to add










## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## How to Contribute

Please contact me

## Tests

N/A

## Questions

If you have any questions about this repository, you might want to open an issue or contact me  at (email:`jesdelevecchio@gmail.com`)
Also you can find more of my work at (`https://www.github.com/Gdel-J`).

## Features

N/A


## Credits

This application has been made by Gérard Del Vecchio during the UCF bootcamp program. A starter code has been provided, and I had some help with R.K Royston TA in order to upgrade my `POST request`.

Commit message:

screenshots added to the readme

README.md, after:

# Express-Note-Taker

![MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)


## Description

This is an application that uses the Express.js framework to create a server-side API. This application uses GET and POST and DELETE requests to view and submit informations to the server.
This application allows the user to write notes, view those notes, and delete notes.
This application uses 'express, fs, path, and uuid modules' to handle the needed processes.


## Table of Contents 

If your README is long, add a table of contents to make it easy for users to find what they need.
 
  1. [Installation](#installation)
  2. [Usage](#usage)
  3. [License](#license)
  4. [Contributing](#contributing)
  5. [Tests](#tests)
  6. [Questions](#questions)
  7. [Features](#features)
  8. [Credits](#credits)

## Installation


FIRST :

In order to use this project make sure to have the following programs installed on your computer:

1.VS Code

2.GitBash

3.Node.js(version.16)


SECOND:

In order to initialize the project:

Copy Link: click the `Code` button within this GitHub SSH repository to copy link

Clone: inside GitBash, use the command `git clone paste link here`

 THIRD: 

In the terminal, use the command `npm init -y` to initialize and create a `package.json file` .

Then you will have to install some dependencies by running `npm install `.

You will need to install `npm express install` 

and `npm i uuid`.


Finally,You will want to run `node server.js` to start the app.



## Usage



After the installation of all dependencies, 

We can run `http://localhost:3001` in the browser

We should see this image:

![Screenshot 1]



 After  I have clicked on the button  I will have this  image:

![Screenshot 2]



In my folder db/db.json I should have an empty array if I haven't put anything  yet :

![Screenshot 3]



After I have type some notes and saved them  I would have a page like this : 


![Screenshot 4]



In my folder  and my file db/db.json I should have an array with some data now :


![Screenshot 5]





## License

This project is licensed under the MIT license.

## How to Contribute

Please contact me

## Tests

N/A

## Questions

If you have any questions about this repository, you might want to open an issue or contact me  at (email:`jesdelevecchio@gmail.com`)
Also you can find more of my work at (`https://www.github.com/Gdel-J`).

## Features

N/A


## Credits

This application has been made by Gérard Del Vecchio during the UCF bootcamp program. A starter code has been provided, and I had some help with R.K Royston TA in order to upgrade my `POST request`.
